Ran page script
Conclusive. Cache-busted with cache: 'reload', after your second UPDATE 1344:

approved: 1344 · pending: 0 · picker: 244 countries
Two successful updates on $PROD_URL, zero effect on the live app. These are different databases.

Also visible: build d0b25f0c · migrationsApplied 94. Migration 504 hasn't run, so b04c76c7 is pulled but not published — the Catalogue Versions menu entry isn't live yet.

What I need
Replit → Deployments → your deployment → Settings / Secrets → DATABASE_URL.

Send me only the host — the part that looks like ep-something-1234.region.aws.neon.tech. No username, no password, no connection string.

Then compare it against your shell's:

echo "$PROD_URL" | sed -E 's#.*@([^/?]+).*#\1#'
That prints the host from $PROD_URL and nothing else. If they differ, we have the answer and one statement against the right database finishes the job.

Why I won't work around it
There's no bulk-unapprove through the API — the bulk endpoint requires a namePrefix, and no single prefix matches all 244 countries. Approving or unapproving through the app one destination at a time is 1,344 calls.

So the right fix is one UPDATE against the correct database, not a workaround that hides which database is which. That confusion is precisely how migrations 038–047 landed in the wrong place and stayed missing for weeks — the failure runFileMigrations() exists to prevent.

Nothing further from me until we know the host.

Exactly. We should not do anything else until the deployment database is identified.
The facts are now conclusive:

$PROD_URL → two UPDATE 1344 operations succeeded.
Live application → still 1,344 approved / 0 pending.
Cache-busting ruled out caching.
Therefore they are different databases.
Live deployment is currently build d0b25f0c / 94 migrations.
b04c76c7 has not been published, so migration 504 and the Catalogue Versions navigation are not live yet.
Your next step
In Replit:
Deployments → active deployment → Settings / Secrets → DATABASE_URL
Send me only the hostname, e.g.:

ep-xxxxx.us-east-2.aws.neon.tech
Then we compare it with:

echo "$PROD_URL" | sed -E 's#.*@([^/?]+).*#\1#'
Do not send the connection string, username, password, or query parameters.
Once the hosts are compared, we can identify the correct DB and perform the single intended reset there.
I see the current screen. One important thing stands out:

Product: First Class
Client: asterisk
Result: Rate Push — 0/1 succeeded
1 destination × 1 client
The destination picker is currently empty because the catalogue approval state is still an issue.
The effective date shown is 2026-09-07 16:30.
This is not the PUSHTOTALK / Special Charlie test we were discussing.
Also, because we established that the live app is using a different database from $PROD_URL, I would not interpret this failure as evidence about the catalogue reset or the A fix yet.
Before doing another push
Let's first establish the live deployment database and get the catalogue approval state correct there.
Once the correct live DB is identified, we can deliberately approve one clean test destination, then test:

First Class / asterisk
        ↓
one approved destination
        ↓
future effective rate
        ↓
Rate Manager
        ↓
verify Push History
For the Charlie A test, we should continue using Aura / tariff 66 / 79230 or 79232, separately.
So don't retry this failed asterisk push yet. It isn't the controlled test we want.

Ran page script
That push is informative despite not being the controlled test:

job-1788798672107 · asterisk · First Class · iTariff 32 · failed 0/1
"Tariff 32 is locked — Sippy is still processing an earlier upload"
Tariff 32 is locked too. That's ASTERISK-TARIFF, a different tariff from PUSHTOTALK's 2. So this isn't one stuck upload — at least two tariffs are locked, and tariff 2 has been that way for over three hours.

That changes the picture, and there's a risk in continuing
Every push uploads a file, and Sippy locks the target tariff while it processes. If the switch's upload processor is stalled, each push we make adds another stuck upload behind the first — and locks another tariff.

Tariff 66 completed normally at 15:33, so processing isn't dead everywhere. But 2 and 32 are both held, and the only thing we know touched them is our own pushes.

I'd stop pushing entirely — to any tariff, any client — until the switch's upload queue is understood. Not because a push might apply a wrong rate (the guard prevents that now), but because it may be adding to a backlog we can't see.

Two things now, in this order
1. On Sippy, check the upload queue. The Upload Rates panel had a Get report. link on completed uploads. On tariffs 2 and 32 that report should say what's processing and when it started. If Sippy has a global uploads view (System Management or Reports), that's better still — it would show whether there's a queue of stalled jobs and how many.

2. The deployment's DATABASE_URL host, still outstanding. Nothing about the catalogue approval state can be fixed until we know which database the app reads.

The guard is doing its job — three pushes now, all correctly refused, no wrong rates applied, each naming its tariff. That's the system working. But it's telling us the switch has a problem that no amount of code will fix.