I read the uploaded notes.

After comparing them with everything you've collected over the last day, I think the investigation has gone down several incorrect branches because each new hypothesis was made before the previous one was proven.

Here's what I would keep and what I would discard.

Things that are now ruled out

❌ TypeScript cleanup broke Call Governance

You've already verified the governance code is still present and the git history shows only typing/doc generation changes.

❌ Database pool changes

Those affect BitsAuto persistence after AMI events are received. They do not prevent Asterisk from processing SIP calls.

❌ fail2ban banned Sippy

You checked the jail. Sippy's IP wasn't banned.

❌ iptables blocking UDP 5060

This was the biggest incorrect conclusion.

You later proved:

tcpdump sees SIP packets.
Asterisk replies 100 Trying.
Port 5060 is bound by Asterisk.

That means packets are not being dropped by the firewall.

Things that are confirmed

These are facts, not assumptions.

Calls worked until approximately 15:33 UTC July 2.
Asterisk restarted around that time.
After restart, governance stopped receiving calls.
The dialplan exists.
The endpoint exists.
sippy-media-anchor exists.
sippy-endpoint exists.
The peer is reachable (OPTIONS OK).
Sippy CDR still selects asterisk(in) as vendor.
Sippy still sends traffic toward 159.223.32.59.

Those ten facts are solid.

The biggest clue

From your own dialplan:

_2060X.
...
Dial(SIP/sippy/22211${EXTEN:4},3600,Tt)

and your explanation:

2060 = normal traffic
2221 = VOTP product

This tells me your deployment has two independent routing products.

That is much more interesting than firewall theories.

What I think is most likely now

One of these happened after the restart:

1. Calls no longer enter sippy-media-anchor

This is still the highest-probability explanation.

Sippy may still send to Asterisk, but not into the context you think.

2. The identify/context mapping changed

Meaning

191.101.30.107
        ↓
pjsip identify
        ↓
different endpoint
        ↓
different context

instead of

191.101.30.107
        ↓
sippy-endpoint
        ↓
sippy-media-anchor
3. The inbound number no longer matches _2060X.

If Sippy now sends

2221...

instead of

2060...

then

_2060X.

never executes.

Instead Asterisk falls into

_X.

or another context.

That would produce exactly the symptoms you're seeing.

What I would not spend more time on

I would stop investigating:

fail2ban
iptables
DB pool
React
Typescript
Replit
governance page

None of those explain why Asterisk stopped executing governance.

The next investigation

Don't ask:

Is traffic reaching Asterisk?

You already know it is.

Instead ask:

Which extension is Asterisk actually trying to execute?

That single answer will probably solve this.

The next time you place a test call, the key information is the exact INVITE Request-URI and the dialplan context/extension that Asterisk selects. If the incoming extension is no longer 2060..., then your _2060X. rule will never fire, regardless of how healthy the rest of the system is.

Given all the evidence you've collected over the last four hours, I think the problem is now much more likely to be dialplan matching or inbound routing after the July 2 restart than a network or application issue. Once we know the exact extension Asterisk is attempting to execute during a live INVITE, we can determine whether the routing prefix or context changed and fix the governance path accordingly.