I reviewed the uploaded record.

The record is essentially a troubleshooting log covering your recent Call Governance work. The key points captured are:

Investigation of the 1,500 vs 6,600 minute billing discrepancy.
Verification that the correct SIP B-leg was being selected for AMI cut.
Discovery of extremely long vendor CDRs (350–765 seconds) despite a 7-second governance cap.
Investigation of the Asterisk dialplan (gov-hangup, gov-playback).
Recovery after the disk reached 100% because of recordings.
Recording retention and watchdog implementation.
Live-call disappearance after application restart.
Sippy authentication timeout investigation.
Changes to polling intervals and timeout values.
My assessment

Some conclusions in that record are supported, while others should be treated cautiously.

Supported by evidence
✅ The server filled its disk because of accumulated recordings.
✅ Cleaning /var/spool/asterisk/monitor recovered the server.
✅ Recording cleanup and watchdog scripts were needed.
✅ Live-call polling and Sippy authentication required improvements.
✅ Recording should begin when the call is bridged (answered), not during ringing.
Needs verification before relying on it

I would not accept these as proven without additional evidence:

❌ "Vendor ignored the BYE."
❌ "Wait(3600) alone explains all excess billing."
❌ "The billing leak is fully fixed."

Those statements require SIP-level proof such as:

SIP traces (BYE transmitted/received)
AMI Redirect success
Asterisk verbose logs
Vendor SIP logs
Post-fix governed call CDR comparisons

Without that evidence, they remain hypotheses rather than confirmed root causes.

Most important next validation

Since your business goal is:

Vendor should only be billed according to the AMI rule (7 sec, 59 sec, 120 sec, etc.)

I would validate with fresh calls after the fixes:

SELECT
    id,
    cap_sec,
    EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (bye_sent_at - start_time)) AS gov_seconds,
    cdr_duration AS vendor_seconds,
    cdr_status
FROM governed_calls
WHERE start_time > NOW() - INTERVAL '30 minutes'
ORDER BY id DESC;

For healthy operation you should consistently see:

gov_seconds ≈ cap_sec
vendor_seconds ≈ gov_seconds
cdr_status = 'ok'

If vendor durations are still much higher than governance durations, then further investigation is needed.

Overall, the uploaded record is a good history of the debugging process, but I would treat it as an engineering log rather than a definitive root-cause report until the post-fix call data confirms that vendor billing now matches the configured governance caps.