Based on everything you've shared over the last several hours, I would not conclude that "the solution is entirely in the Sippy portal." That conclusion goes beyond the evidence you have.

There are two different possibilities, and you need to determine which one is true before changing production routing.

What is proven

You have proven:

✅ Asterisk previously handled thousands of governed calls.
✅ sippy-endpoint is still configured.
✅ The sippy-media-anchor dialplan exists.
✅ pickBestRule() is not the reason for zero governed calls.
✅ AMI is connected.
✅ Asterisk currently has 0 active channels.
✅ No new governed_calls rows are being created.

None of those facts proves that Sippy has demoted the gateway.

The missing evidence

The explanation says:

"Sippy detected it as a vendor quality event and auto-demoted asterisk-in via make_last_in_routing."

You have not shown any evidence of:

make_last_in_routing
qmon_action
gateway health changes
vendor demotion
routing priority changes

Those would have to come from the Sippy portal or logs.

Without that evidence, it's a hypothesis.

Before changing production

Since this is affecting production, I'd spend 5 minutes confirming where the calls are actually going.

Test 1 (highest value)

Place one OTP test call.

On the Asterisk server, run:

asterisk -rvvvvv

Then:

core set verbose 5
core set debug 5

If the test call never appears, then Asterisk is not in the media path.

That tells you much more than changing routing blindly.

Test 2

In Sippy, look at the live call details for that exact call.

Verify:

outbound connection
vendor connection
gateway name
next hop IP

If it says:

159.223.32.59

then the problem is not routing.

If it says another gateway,

then you've proven routing changed.

Test 3

Capture SIP traffic during the test.

On the governance server:

tcpdump -ni any udp port 5060

or

tcpdump -ni any host 191.101.30.107

During a test call.

If you receive no INVITEs, then Sippy isn't sending traffic here.

That's definitive.

If routing really changed...

Then yes, fixing the Sippy route group is the correct solution.

But I would only change it after confirming that the test call isn't arriving.

One thing that concerns me

Earlier you showed:

Dial(SIP/sippy/22211${EXTEN:4},3600,Tt)

That means the dialplan is still loaded.

If Sippy sends even one call to this Asterisk,

you should immediately see:

PJSIP/sippy-endpoint-...

in:

core show channels

The fact that you don't strongly suggests either:

traffic isn't being sent here, or
it's arriving on a different endpoint/context.
My recommended order (production-safe)
Place one controlled OTP test call.
Watch asterisk -rvvvvv live.
Run tcpdump simultaneously.
Check that exact call in Sippy's live call details.
Only if the call never reaches this server should you change Sippy routing priorities.

This sequence avoids making speculative routing changes in production.

One question

Can you answer this:

When you make a fresh OTP test call today, does it appear in Sippy's "Active Calls" page? If yes, can you open that call's details and tell me the exact "Vendor Connection" or "Connection Name" shown for that call?

That single piece of information will tell us whether the call is bypassing the governance Asterisk or attempting to use it.