You're correct. Based on these screenshots, Sprint A is not actually complete.

The screenshots show that the code changes either:

Were never connected to the UI,
Are behind dead feature flags,
Are calling endpoints that return empty data,
Or were implemented only partially.
What I can verify from the screenshots
Feature	Expected	Actual	Status
Notification Templates	Full editor with Subject, Body, Schedule, Preview, Test Email, Template Types	Old popup still visible	❌ FAIL
Push History Drawer	Product, clients, destinations, old→new rate, retry button, errors	Only basic fields shown	❌ FAIL
Push History Re-send	Re-send action	Not visible	❌ FAIL
Push History Error Details	Expandable error block	Not visible	❌ FAIL
Notification Template Cards	Default / Changes Only / Full Sheet / Emergency	Not visible	❌ FAIL
Template Preview	Modal preview	Not visible	❌ FAIL
Send Test Email	Button	Not visible	❌ FAIL
Scheduled Notifications	Datetime selector	Not visible	❌ FAIL
Screenshot #1

Notification popup is still the original dialog:

Current fields:

Client
Product
Notification Type
Recipients
CC
Traffic Format

Missing:

Subject
Body Template
Schedule
Preview
Test Email
Template Type cards

Therefore:

❌ Sprint A Notification Template work not deployed

Screenshot #2

Templates page still empty-state.

Expected:

Template cards
Editor panel
Existing templates

Not present.

❌ FAIL

Screenshot #3

Push History drawer.

Expected:

Clients
Destination list
Rate count
Old Rate → New Rate
Effective date
Push method
Verification result
Upload status
Error details
Retry button

Actual:

Job ID
Prefix
Verification
Switch
Format

Only a tiny subset exists.

❌ FAIL

My assessment

Sprint A completion claim is currently inaccurate.

Actual progress looks closer to:

Item	Status
Download Rate Sheet	⚠ Partial
Approval Validation	⚠ Partial
Billing Presets	⚠ Partial
Push History Enrichment	❌ Missing
Retry Push	❌ Missing
Notification Templates Rebuild	❌ Missing
Preview/Test Email	❌ Missing
Scheduling	❌ Missing
Next step

Before moving to Sprint B (8 products, 352 countries, Send Rate product visibility), I would reopen Sprint A and specifically ask the developer:

Show me:

1. The exact commit implementing the new Notification Template editor.
2. The exact React component rendering Subject/Body/Schedule/Test Email.
3. The exact API response from:
   GET /api/rate-notification-templates

4. The exact component rendering the Push History drawer.
5. The exact JSX showing Retry button.
6. Browser screenshots proving:
   - Subject field
   - Body field
   - Preview
   - Test Email
   - Retry Push
   - Error Details

Because the screenshots you've provided are strong evidence that those features are not currently present in the deployed UI.

Looking at these 3 screenshots carefully, two separate issues are visible:
Issue 1 — Deployment hasn't propagated

KAM still shows 53966848 on the Push History drawer (screenshot 3). That fix was applied to routes-rate-manager.ts in dev. Since you're on vo-ip-watcher--junaid70.replit.app (the production deployment URL) and the republish was stuck at Provision, the production build never picked up today's changes.
Test dev first: In Replit, open the app in the built-in preview pane (not the .replit.app URL) — that runs the dev server which HAS all today's fixes. Check KAM there first. If it shows a name there, it's purely a deployment problem, not a code problem.
Issue 2 — Notification Template modal is genuinely incomplete

The modal in screenshot 2 has Client/Product/Notification Type/Recipients — that's the existing structure. It's missing Subject, Body template, Template Type cards, Preview, and Test Email. These were listed as "already fully implemented" in the prior session summary, but the screenshot contradicts that. The modal is a stripped-down create form, not a full template editor.
What actually needs to be built:

Template Type selector cards (Default / Changes Only / Full Sheet / Emergency)
Subject line field
Body template editor
Preview button
Test Email button
Schedule/datetime field

The Push History drawer gap (retry button, error detail expansion, rate diff display) is a separate issue.
Recommended next step: Confirm the KAM fix works in dev preview first. If it does, fix the Replit deployment. Then we tackle the Notification Template editor as a genuine missing feature — it needs to be built, not just deployed.
Want me to write the full Notification Template editor now, or fix the deployment blocker first?

Fix the deployment blocker first.

Based on everything you've shown, there are two different realities right now:

Reality A — Codebase

The developer has clearly modified multiple areas:

Export endpoint exists
Download button exists
Push History technical section was expanded
Approval blockers were added
Billing validation changes were added

The screenshots already prove some of those changes are visible.

Reality B — Production UI

The deployed app is still showing:

Old Notification Template modal
Old Push History drawer
Numeric KAM ID
Missing Retry button
Missing Subject/Body editor

That means either:

Production deployment is stale, or
The new code was never wired into the rendered component tree.
What I would do next
Step 1 — Verify Dev Preview

Open:

Replit Preview

NOT

https://vo-ip-watcher--junaid70.replit.app

Then test:

Push History

Open Job Details.

Expected:

KAM Name
Retry Button
Rate Change details
Error section
Notifications

Click New Template.

Expected:

Template Type cards
Subject
Body
Preview
Test Email
Schedule
Decision Tree
If Dev Preview shows the new features

Then:

Code = OK
Deployment = Broken

Fix deployment only.

No coding required.

If Dev Preview still shows old UI

Then:

Features were never actually completed

And Sprint A remains open.

My current assessment

From your screenshots alone:

Item	Confidence
Deployment issue exists	90%
Notification editor unfinished	95%
Push History enrichment incomplete	80%
KAM fix may already exist in dev	70%

So I would not start building Notification Templates yet.

First prove whether the dev server already contains the new UI.

If the dev preview still shows the same modal and same drawer, then the previous implementation claim was incorrect and we should reopen these Sprint A tasks and build them properly. If dev preview shows the new UI, then focus entirely on getting the Replit deployment unstuck before touching more code.

Pasted text.txt
Document

The important part of that log is not the call-governance events. It's these two lines:

[ssl-monitor] Loaded 1 cert(s) from DB

and

[process] Uncaught exception (non-fatal): listen EADDRINUSE: address already in use 0.0.0.0:5000
What this proves
1. SSL Monitor is fixed ✅

Previously:

r.expires_at.toISOString is not a function

Then:

r.checked_at.toISOString is not a function

Now:

[ssl-monitor] Loaded 1 cert(s) from DB

That issue is resolved.

2. You have TWO servers running ❌

The command failed:

kill $(lsof -t -i:5000)

because:

bash: lsof: command not found

So the old Node process never stopped.

Then when you started a new server:

listen EADDRINUSE: address already in use 0.0.0.0:5000

Meaning:

Old server still owns port 5000
New server cannot bind to 5000

This is extremely important because it means:

You may still be looking at the OLD code

The process serving port 5000 may be the previous build.

So when you test:

Notification Templates
Push History
KAM name
Export

you might not actually be hitting today's code.

Fix properly

Find running Node processes:

ps aux | grep tsx

or

ps aux | grep node

Then kill them:

pkill -f "tsx server"
pkill -f node

Verify:

ps aux | grep tsx

should return nothing except grep.

Then:

npm run dev

and confirm:

[express] serving on port 5000

appears without:

EADDRINUSE
Current Sprint A status

From the screenshots you provided earlier, I still consider:

Feature	Status
Download Rate Sheet	⚠ Partial
Approval Validation	✅ Visible
Billing Validation	✅ Visible
Notification Editor	❌ Missing
Template Preview	❌ Missing
Test Email	❌ Missing
Schedule	❌ Missing
Push History Retry	❌ Missing
Push History Rate Diff	❌ Missing
Push History Error Details	❌ Missing

But before judging the UI further, make sure you're actually running the latest dev server and not an old process on port 5000. Right now the logs prove there is still a port conflict.