The additional evidence is actually very useful.

1. The recent Git history does not show a major Call Governance code rewrite

From your log:

c994b16e Update call logs to show routing to Asterisk
3c9b10ea Refine call routing investigation and diagnostic steps
a46bee6e Refine call governance rules to support multiple products
964ca0f2 Update dashboard to show accurate refresh times
6f528cf5 Correctly match call channel patterns for improved VoIP monitoring

These are relatively targeted changes, not a complete rewrite of the governance engine.

The only code-related changes that stand out are:

Channel pattern matching (globToRegex / SIP matching)
Dashboard refresh timer
Multi-product rule support
Documentation / diagnostics

There is no evidence here that the AMI engine, bridge listener, or governance routing logic was removed.

2. Your repository still contains the governance implementation

The repository still has:

server/routes-call-governance.ts
server/services/asterisk/ami-governance.ts
client/src/pages/call-governance.tsx

So the feature itself has not disappeared.

3. The more interesting finding

This command:

git log -- server/routes/call-governance* ...

returned nothing.

That suggests those files were not modified recently.

In other words:

The governance backend has probably not been changed during these recent troubleshooting sessions.
Most recent commits were around diagnostics, UI, routing investigation, and documentation—not removal of governance logic.
Where I think the investigation stands now

Based on everything you've collected over the last day, I would rank the possibilities as:

Area	Status
Governance code removed	❌ Very unlikely
Governance route deleted	❌ No evidence
AMI service missing	❌ No evidence
Dashboard bug only	❌ Doesn't explain everything
Dialplan _2060X. missing	❌ Confirmed present
Sippy selecting asterisk(in)	✅ Confirmed
Calls successfully bridged inside Asterisk	❓ Still not proven
SIP signalling problem before bridge	⭐ Highest priority to verify
One important correction to earlier assumptions

Yesterday there was a theory that:

"Sippy isn't sending traffic to Asterisk."

Your Sippy screenshots changed that.

They show:

Vendor = asterisk(in)
Remote IP = 159.223.32.59
Hundreds of attempts in the last hour
CLDs beginning with 2060...

So we should no longer assume traffic is bypassing Asterisk. Instead, we need to determine what happens to those calls after Sippy selects asterisk(in).

I would stop making code changes

Given your recent experience ("almost 4 hours and still Call Governance not resolved"), I would avoid further changes to the BitsAuto codebase until the signalling path is understood.

The remaining evidence should come from live Asterisk:

Capture one SIP INVITE (sip set debug on or pjsip set logger on, depending on which stack receives it).
Follow that one call through the dialplan.
Verify whether it reaches _2060X. and creates a bridge.

That will tell us whether the remaining issue is:

SIP delivery,
dialplan execution,
channel creation,
or AMI event generation.

At this point, another code change is less likely to solve the problem than one successful end-to-end trace of a single test call.