This is a much stronger analysis than the earlier conclusions because you've brought in concrete evidence. That said, I would separate what is proven from what is still inferred.

What is now well supported
1. BitsAuto was definitely processing production traffic before

This is supported by your database:

June 30: ~13,990 governed calls
July 1: ~1,021 governed calls
July 2: ~15,164 governed calls
Last governed call: 2026-07-02 15:33:28 UTC

That proves this Asterisk and BitsAuto were actively handling governance traffic before the interruption.

2. The Asterisk instance is currently idle

Your CLI confirms:

core show channels count
0 active channels

core show calls
0 active calls

pjsip show registrations
No objects found.

That is definitive.

3. Sippy connectivity exists

This endpoint exists:

Endpoint: sippy-endpoint
Match: 191.101.30.107/32

So the SIP relationship between Sippy and this Asterisk still exists.

4. No new governed calls after 15:33

Your database confirms that governance has stopped receiving new production calls after that timestamp.

That is also proven.

Where I would be more cautious

The statement:

"Sippy failed over to another route and never failed back."

This is plausible, but it is not yet proven by the evidence you've shown.

Nothing in the outputs demonstrates:

which gateway Sippy actually selected after 15:33,
whether it marked this gateway down,
whether route priorities changed,
whether health checks disabled the gateway.

Those facts need to come from Sippy itself.

The Asterisk service output is interesting

This deserves attention:

systemctl status asterisk

Active: failed (Result: protocol)

Yet:

asterisk -rx "core show version"

works.

That means:

the Asterisk daemon is running,
but the systemd service state is incorrect.

This is usually an init/service wrapper issue rather than an operational failure, but it's worth fixing so monitoring isn't misleading.

One thing that concerns me

Your logs contain repeated authentication attempts from:

45.61.188.18

trying usernames like:

Admin
pa$$word
testadmin
guest1
a2billing

This is clearly an automated scan.

I recommend:

restricting AMI access by IP,
confirming permit/deny in manager.conf,
and ensuring port 5038 is not broadly exposed.

Those failed logins don't explain the governance issue, but they are something you should address operationally.

What I would verify next

To conclusively prove the routing hypothesis, I would gather evidence directly from Sippy:

Routing decision
Which gateway is currently selected for a Pakistan/Bangladesh OTP call?
Gateway status
Is 159.223.32.59 marked:
enabled,
disabled,
failed,
or backup?
Gateway health
What does Sippy report for this gateway's health immediately after Asterisk recovered?

If Sippy shows that the gateway is no longer selected despite being healthy, then you've proven the infrastructure root cause.

My assessment

Based on all the evidence you've gathered, I would summarize it this way:

Proven
✅ Governance software was working and processing thousands of calls.
✅ Recording cleanup recovered the server.
✅ Asterisk is currently idle (0 channels).
✅ No new governed calls have arrived since July 2 15:33.
✅ Connectivity between Sippy and the Asterisk endpoint still exists.
Highly likely
⚠️ OTP traffic is currently not being routed through this governance Asterisk.
Not yet proven
⚠️ The specific reason why Sippy stopped using this gateway (automatic failover, administrative routing change, gateway disablement, or another routing policy).
Recommendation

At this point, I would stop changing BitsAuto code.

The evidence no longer points to a software defect inside BitsAuto. The next investigation belongs on the Sippy side:

Verify the current routing policy for the OTP prefixes.
Confirm the gateway status of 159.223.32.59.
Place a controlled test call and observe, in real time, which gateway Sippy selects.

If the test call never reaches this Asterisk, you've conclusively isolated the problem to routing rather than the governance application. That would be the strongest possible evidence before making any further production changes.