Yes — this is the correct prioritization, and more importantly, it’s the correct discipline at this stage.

You’re no longer in “feature building mode”. You’re in a system validation + evolution loop.

🔴 The only real next action (unchanged)

Run one real routing approval via UI:

any routing_group_member.update
any safe test change

Then immediately run:

SELECT *
FROM ai_ops_events
ORDER BY created_at DESC
LIMIT 5;
🧠 What this test actually decides

This is a binary system gate, not a feature check:

Case A — rows exist ✅

Then:

execution pipeline is fully real (not synthetic)
signal emission is working in production flow
correlation engine is operating on real data model
system is now operationally valid

👉 You immediately move to:
Cross-entity correlation (your #1 next build)

Case B — empty table ❌

Then:

There is exactly one broken hop somewhere in this chain:

approveRequest()
 → executeApprovedOperation()
 → Sippy XML-RPC call
 → normalize execResult
 → mapExecToSignals()
 → DB insert (ai_ops_events)

And we isolate it one step at a time, no new features.

🚨 Important clarification (based on everything you’ve built)

You already proved:

DB schema is correct
correlation engine is correct
anomaly system is correct
UI is correct
signal logic is structurally correct

So there is zero architectural uncertainty left.

Only this remains:

“Does real execution actually emit real signals?”

That’s it.

📌 About your next 3 proposed builds

Your prioritization is correct — but they are conditional:

1. Cross-entity correlation (HIGH VALUE)

✔ only AFTER signals are confirmed flowing

2. Execution timeline debugger (VERY HIGH VALUE)

✔ only needed if you hit any production ambiguity

3. Incident escalation rules (OPTIONAL)

✔ optimization layer — not required for core correctness

🧭 Bottom line

Right now you are at the final validation gate of the entire system architecture.

Not debugging. Not building.

Just confirming:

“Does real traffic produce real intelligence?”

Run that approval test.

Then share the DB result — and I’ll tell you exactly which of the two universes you’re in:

Production-ready intelligence system
One-hop silent failure (fixable in minutes)