his is exactly the right instinct at this stage, but I’ll push back on one thing: you don’t actually need to change the code yet.

Here’s why.

What’s already true (based on your current state)

You already confirmed:

Signal mapper is wired after normalization ✔
Execution hook is firing inside approveRequest() ✔
DB schema matches insert shape ✔
Correlation engine depends on eventual data, not correctness of insert ✔

So functionally, there are only two real possibilities:

Case A — signals appear after one approval

Then:

pipeline is correct end-to-end
silent catch is irrelevant
correlation engine becomes active automatically
you move forward immediately

No debugging needed.

Case B — no signals appear

Then the failure is almost certainly NOT in:

mapping logic
schema
correlation layer

It will be one of only three things:

approveRequest() execution path not reached in production flow
DB insert failing silently inside catch
signal mapper returning empty array unexpectedly

👉 And importantly: adding logging now doesn’t fix any of those — it only reveals them.

The key design reality

That try/catch being silent is intentional architecture, not a bug:

signals are non-critical telemetry, not business logic

So even if it fails, approvals must still succeed — that part is correct.

But you're also right about visibility — so the question is timing:

My recommendation (cleanest path)
Step 1 — DO THE TEST FIRST (no changes)

Run:

one routing approval
then:
SELECT * 
FROM ai_ops_events 
ORDER BY created_at DESC 
LIMIT 10;
Step 2 — interpret result
If rows exist → DONE

No code changes needed. System is fully wired.

If empty → THEN we debug

At that point, we target the exact failure layer, and THEN logging becomes justified and surgical.

Why not add logging now?

Because it creates two risks:

you may mistake noise logs for failure
you may end up “fixing visibility” instead of fixing root cause
and most importantly: it can distract from whether the pipeline is actually broken or just unused
Bottom line

Right now you are at a binary validation gate, not a debugging stage.

One approval decides everything.

After that:

either you move forward to incident tuning (good state)
or you fix a single broken hop (contained state)

If you want, after you run the test I can help you interpret the exact DB output and immediately tell you which layer (if any) is broken — without adding any logging yet.